TODOS.md, before:

// Front Panel -----

// PRIMARY 🔴

// TODO: 
	-- Create a service function to fetch categories for front panel (to use in header and also in other pages as well)
	-- Create a service function to fetch collections for front panel (to use in header and also in other pages as well)
	-- Create a tanstack react query file with type definations
	-- Fetch the categories and collections in the home route loader and then pass on the data to the header
	-- Blocks header will display the categories and collections
	-- Design inspiration [[text](https://www.ismailsclothing.com/)]


############################################################################################


// Admin -----

// PRIMARY 🔴


// Secondary 🟢

// TODO: Show products option in each row of categories and sub categories, and we should also
see the products that are related to a category or sub category in their respective updation page
// TODO: Write functionality where we show the checkboxes in each row of products table and variants table! and we can
share them and export urls if we want to.
// TODO: Apply Rate limiting
// TODO: Add accordian based fields for tree in product filters
//TODO: Show a sheet where we display the information of product when we click on the name of product in the table list IN THE COLLECTIONS PAGE
// TODO: CREATE A fallback for the products dialog suspense in ALL PRODUCTS UNITS product dialog
// //TODO: Check group_id!! in insertProductCondition service function in the coupons service
// TODO: APPLY PAGINATION in the getProductNamesList service function IF IT IS IN DIALOG THEN APPLY INFINITE SCROLL IN THAT SELECT..

Commit message:

Create mechanism to re-use supabase instance and headers in the service classes that are being used in another sub classes

TODOS.md, after:

// Front Panel -----

// PRIMARY 🔴

// TODO: 
	Create collections and categories sections on home page
	Add responsivness to the headers


############################################################################################


// Admin -----

// PRIMARY 🔴


// Secondary 🟢

// TODO: Show products option in each row of categories and sub categories, and we should also
see the products that are related to a category or sub category in their respective updation page
// TODO: Write functionality where we show the checkboxes in each row of products table and variants table! and we can
share them and export urls if we want to.
// TODO: Apply Rate limiting
// TODO: Add accordian based fields for tree in product filters
//TODO: Show a sheet where we display the information of product when we click on the name of product in the table list IN THE COLLECTIONS PAGE
// TODO: CREATE A fallback for the products dialog suspense in ALL PRODUCTS UNITS product dialog
// //TODO: Check group_id!! in insertProductCondition service function in the coupons service
// TODO: APPLY PAGINATION in the getProductNamesList service function IF IT IS IN DIALOG THEN APPLY INFINITE SCROLL IN THAT SELECT..
